_pages/about.md, before:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
subtitle: <a href='#'>Affiliations</a>. Address. Contacts. Moto. Etc.

profile:
  align: right
  image: prof_pic.jpg
  address: >
    <p>555 your office number</p>
    <p>123 your address street</p>
    <p>Your City, State 12345</p>

news: true  # includes a list of news items
selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true  # includes social icons at the bottom of the page
---

Write your biography here. Tell the world about yourself. Link to your favorite [subreddit](http://reddit.com). You can put a picture in, too. The code is already in, just name your picture `prof_pic.jpg` and put it in the `img/` folder.

Put your address / P.O. box / other info right below your picture. You can also disable any these elements by editing `profile` property of the YAML header of your `_pages/about.md`. Edit `_bibliography/papers.bib` and Jekyll will render your [publications page](/al-folio/publications/) automatically.

Link to your social media connections, too. This theme is set up to use [Font Awesome icons](http://fortawesome.github.io/Font-Awesome/) and [Academicons](https://jpswalsh.github.io/academicons/), like the ones below. Add your Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Google Scholar, or just disable all of them.

Commit message:

about me updated, publications attempted to update

_pages/about.md, after:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
subtitle: Berkeley, CA

profile:
  align: right
  image: prof_pic.jpg
  #address: >
  #  <p>555 your office number</p>
 #   <p>123 your address street</p>
  #  <p>Your City, State 12345</p>

news: false  # includes a list of news items
selected_papers: false # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true  # includes social icons at the bottom of the page
---

I am a PhD student at [UC Berkeley](https://physics.berkeley.edu/). My research lies in the intersection of fundmantal physics and machine learning. I am currently interested in applying various types of neural networks to model-agnostic anomaly detection on particle collision data collected from the LHC.

Before studying at Berkeley, I completed graduate coursework in Physics at the [University of Cambridge](https://www.phy.cam.ac.uk/), preceded by a Bachelor's degree (in guess what) at [MIT](https://physics.mit.edu/).

Outside of my research, I am an [APS DSECOP](https://dsecop.org/) Fellow, where I develop coursework that integrates data science and machine learning with early-stage undergraduate physics curriculum. You can view the fellows' work at [this repository](https://github.com/GDS-Education-Community-of-Practice/DSECOP).
